Add multi-stage scenarios in Access Review API beta (#15387)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accessreviewinstance.md

|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
| contactedReviewers   |[accessReviewReviewer](../resources/accessreviewreviewer.md) collection| Returns the collection of reviewers who were contacted to complete this review. While the **reviewers** and **fallbackReviewers** properties of the **accessReviewScheduleDefinition** might specify group owners or managers as **reviewers**, **contactedReviewers** returns their individual identities. Supports `$select`. Read-only. |
| definition               |[accessReviewScheduleDefinition](accessreviewscheduledefinition.md)          | There is exactly one **accessReviewScheduleDefinition** associated with each instance. It is the parent schedule for the instance, where instances are created for each recurrence of a review definition and each group selected to review by the definition. |

> |stages|[accessReviewStage](../resources/accessreviewstage.md) collection|Returns the collection of stages if it is a multi-stage access review. The new stage will only be created when the previous stage is end. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|stages|[accessReviewStage](../resources/accessreviewstage.md) collection| If the instance has multiple stages, this returns the collection of stages. A new stage will only be created when the previous stage ends. The existence, number, and settings of stages on a review instance are created based on the [accessReviewStageSettings](accessreviewstagesettings.md) on the parent [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) |
```
